on october 26 1985
dr emmett brown arrives in the delorean
time machine and persuades y macfly and
his girlfriend
jennifer parker to travel to the future
with him and help their future children
with bif tannen witnessing their
departure they arrive on october 21st
2015 where doc electronically
incapacitates jennifer and leaves her
asleep in an alley
explaining that she should not have too
much knowledge of future events
he has wipos as his own son and luka
likewise jr to refuse an offer to
participate in a robbery with biff's
grandson griff
thus saving y junior from prison y
switches places with y junior and
refuses griff's offer
but griff goes wide into a fight and a
subsequent hoverboard chase ensues
griff and his gang are arrested saving
wise future children
before rejoining doc y purchases an
almanac containing the results of major
sporting events from 1950 to 2000
doc discovers it and warns why about
profiting from time travel
before doc can adequately dispose of it
they are interrupted by the police
who have found jennifer incapacitated
and are taking her to her 2015 home
they pursue as does the elderly biff who
has overheard their conversation and
retrieved the discarded almanac
jennifer wakes up in her 2015 home and
hides from the mcfly family
she overhears that her future self's
life with y is not what she expected
due to his involvement in an automobile
accident
she witnesses why being goaded by his
co-worker douglas needles
into a shady business deal resulting in
wise firing
jennifer tries to escape the house but
faints after she encounters her 2015
self while y and doc attend to her
biff steals the time machine to give the
almanac to his younger self
then returns to 2015.
why doc and an unconscious jennifer
return to 1985
unaware of biff's actions they leave
jennifer on her own front porch
the 1985 they returned to has changed
dramatically with biff now one of the
wealthiest and most corrupt men in the
country
he has turned hill valley into a chaotic
dystopia
secretly killed wise father george in
and forced wise mother lorraine to marry
him
doc has also been committed to a mental
hospital
doc deduces that the 2015 biff took the
time machine to give his younger self
the almanac
and y learns from the alternate 1985
biff that he received it on november 12
1955. biff tries to kill y
but y flees and travels to 1955 with
document y
secretly follows the 1955 biff and
watches him receive the almanac from his
self why then follows him to the high
school dance
being careful to avoid interrupting the
events from his previous visit
after several fruitless attempts y
finally gets the almanac
leaving biff to crash into a manure
truck y burns the almanac
nullifying the changes to the timeline
that it had caused as dock hovers above
in the time machine
before y can join him the delorean is
struck by lightning and disappears
a western union courier arrives
immediately after and delivers a
70-year-old letter to y
it is from doc who explains that the
lightning strike transported him back to
1885.
y races back into town to find the 1955
dock who had just helped y to return to
1985.
shocked by wise sudden reappearance doc
faints